Docs refresh (#122)
openforcefield/openff-pablo: docs/book/01-quickstart.Rmd

```{python}
from urllib.request import urlopen
from openff.pablo import topology_from_pdb

with urlopen("https://files.rcsb.org/download/1A4T.pdb") as pdb_file_object:
    topology = topology_from_pdb(pdb_file_object)
topology.visualize()
```

Note that we don't yet support loading subsequent models from PDB files, so
this fresh-from-the-PDB file issues a warning.

## Non-standard ligands

Non-standard molecules can be loaded by providing the chemical information that Pablo doesn't know about. This works regardless of what the atoms in the molecule are named or what residues they're in, as long as they have CONECT records and elements. `5ap1_nosol.pdb`, for instance, includes a non-standard ligand, and so needs a little extra help:

```{python}
from openff.pablo import topology_from_pdb, ResidueDefinition

topology = topology_from_pdb(
    "../5ap1_nosol.pdb",
    additional_definitions=[
        ResidueDefinition.anon_from_smiles(
            "O=C([O-])Cn1cc(cn1)c2ccc(cc2OCC#N)Nc3ccc(c(n3)NC4CCCCC4)C#N"
        ),
    ],
)
topology.visualize()
```

> [`additional_definitions`] is a powerful, flexible mechanism that can do much more than assigning chemical information to a ligand with complete CONECT records. It can "fill in the gaps" between known residues in a partially-standard polymer, only requiring CONECT records for bonds that aren't present in the standard residues. It can do this by matching the whole molecule, or defining a substructure, as long as all atoms and bonds are described and unambiguous. We'll come back to it and dig further in [](#chapter:additional_definitions).

Reviewer: (not blocking)
```suggestion
[`additional_definitions`] is a powerful, flexible mechanism that can do much more than assigning chemical information to a ligand with complete CONECT records. It can "fill in the gaps" between known residues in a partially-standard polymer, only requiring CONECT records for bonds that aren't present in the standard residues. It can do this by matching the whole molecule, or defining a substructure, as long as all atoms and bonds are described and unambiguous. We'll focus more on this topic in [](#chapter:additional_definitions).
```

## What are the standard names and residues?

The PDB format is designed to be interpreted in concert with the [Chemical Component Dictionary], or CCD. The CCD defines standard atom names, residue codes, and resonance forms for tens of thousands of chemicals, as well as how they may bond into larger polymers.

Pablo interprets the CCD as faithfully as is practical, but unfortunately the CCD is designed for crystallography and not biomolecular simulation and this limits its applicability. Pablo provides many tools to augment, patch, and even replace the CCD, which we'll dig into in [](#chapter:ccdcache) and [](#chapter:reslib).

You can investigate the standard atom names for a given residue by inspecting the `STD_CCD_CACHE`:

```{python}
from openff.pablo import STD_CCD_CACHE

{
    resdef.description: ", ".join(
        "|".join((atom.name, *atom.synonyms))
        for atom in resdef.atoms
    ) for resdef in STD_CCD_CACHE["GLY"]
}
```

> Note that we do not provide support for Amber atom/residue names - though you could easily write (and distribute!) your own Amber library.

Reviewer: (not blocking)
```suggestion
Note that we only provide support for CCD-compliant atom/residue names - though you could easily write (and distribute!) residue libraries for alternative atom/residue naming schemes (like AMBER or other simulation formats)
```
